docs: update to stable pool deployment v2 (#277)
balancer/docs-v3: docs/developer-reference/contracts/vault-config.md

## Minimum/Maximum Amplification Parameter

> `MIN_AMP` is 1; `MAX_AMP` is 50000, same as v2. These values ultimately arise from the math in Curve's StableSwap. Higher values "flatten" the price curve (i.e., have a greater range were the tokens trade at essentially 1:1), and lower values make it more sensitive to the balances, and behave more like the Weighted Math price curve. Higher liquidity and lower volatility pools can generally have higher Amplification Parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MIN_AMP` is 1; `MAX_AMP` is 50,000 (previously, and in v2, the limit was 5,000). These values ultimately arise from the math in Curve's StableSwap. Higher values "flatten" the price curve (i.e., have a greater range were the tokens trade at essentially 1:1), and lower values make it more sensitive to the balances, and behave more like the Weighted Math price curve. Higher liquidity and lower volatility pools can generally have higher Amplification Parameters.
```

There is also an `AMP_PRECISION` constant, set to 1000. The integer 1-5000 values are multiplied by this factor for greater precision in calculation; the Amplification Parameter is used for the invariant computation.

## Minimum Amplification Parameter Update Time, and Maximum Daily Rate

`_MIN_UPDATE_TIME` is set to 1 day, and `_MAX_AMP_UPDATE_DAILY_RATE` to 2, same as v2.

> Stable Pools allow changing the Amplification Parameter, but limit the rate of change, as instantaneous changes would allow price manipulation. These limits mean that any change must take at least one day, and the Amplification Parameter cannot change more than a factor of two in a single day, in either direction. In other words, if the initial parameter is 200, it cannot decrease below 100 (200 / 2) or above 400 (200 \* 2) within a day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stable Pools allow changing the Amplification Parameter, but limit the rate of change, as instantaneous changes would allow price manipulation. These limits mean that any change must take at least one day, and the Amplification Parameter cannot change more than a factor of two in a single day, in either direction. In other words, if the initial parameter is 200, it cannot decrease below 100 (200 / 2) or above 400 (200 \* 2) within a day.
```
Ok if the "*" needs to be escaped (didn't know that).
